There's a fire in the Arakawa Shopping District's bazaar.
The source of the fire is a single Infernal.
There's one casualty as well-- an employee at a fruit market.
Understood.
One casualty already?
Sister, please get ready.
Yes, sir.
Spider Net on!
The road has been closed off.
We're okay over here, too!
Here it comes!
The flame is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul return to the great flame of fire.
Launching Special Extinguishing Grenade!
Látom!
We have finished putting her to rest.
Sister! Is the Infernal-- Is my wife...?
You are a member of the family?
My wife received the Holy Sol Temple's salvation...
...and has obtained the mercy of Sol, hasn't she?!
Yes. Your wife has passed on peacefully into the presence of the Lord.
It means that the Holy Sol Temple's scriptures
would be presenting teachings that are incorrect.
It's possible the Evangelist and the Holy Sol Temple are connected?
I mustn't dwell on such worldly thoughts.
"Episode 18: The Holy Woman's Anguish"
Let's see... Those flechettes, too?
Yes, sir. That's all of it.
We've had a lot of callouts recently,
so our unbaptized equipment is starting to pile up.
But the sister can't carry all of this by herself.
Huh? You want me to accompany the sister to the Central Church
to baptize our equipment?
Yeah, otherwise known as the Baptism Church. You've never been, have you?
No, sir.
The equipment we need baptized is in there.
All right, sir.
Excuse me. I'm ready to go at any time.
I'm looking forward to going with you today.
Right! Let's go get 'er done! Yay!
"Yay!!"
How adorable is that?
Church date with the sister... Church date with the sister...
That's not too heavy, is it?
Piece of cake!
It must be a real chore doing this alone all the time.
Normally, there isn't this much to carry.
"Power cobra"
I need to work out so I don't get outdone by the rest of you.
Th-The sister's milky-skinned, supple upper arm...!
No! It's wrong to look at the sister like that!
"Impermissible power cobra"
That is an off-limits upper arm!
"Tokyo Empire, Chuo-ku, Central Church" "known as the 'Baptism Church'"
This is the Baptism Church?
This water--is this where the equipment is baptized?
It will take some time before I'm finished, so please, feel free to look around.
Right. Okay, I'll see you later.
It doesn't look like there's going to be time for a nice stroll with the sister.
Of course not. This is work.
Even a church as pretty as this one
has the specter of the Evangelist overshadowing its origins.
The sister is conducting herself as cheerfully as ever,
but her smile seems a bit awkward.
If she's concerned about something, I'd be happy to be of help to her.
Hallowed Lord, who shineth in the heavens,
may the blessings of baptism be upon those that reach thy presence.
The Evangelist is the one who founded the Holy Sol Temple.
Who exactly am I offering up my faith to?
Sister Iris, your worldly thoughts are quite evident.
Oh, I'm sorry!
I have to say, it's pretty here.
Oh, if it isn't Kusakabe-kun, from the 8th.
Long time no see, Lieutenant Huo Yan!
You don't see that very often here.
I'm here having some pacification equipment baptized.
It's admirable that you are so earnest about coming for the baptisms.
What do you mean by that, sir?
You must have heard things about the Holy Sol Temple and the Evangelist.
Whatever is being said, some units have been neglecting baptisms lately.
Huh?
Even Karim seems to be growing disenchanted with the Holy Sol Temple.
Could that be bothering the sister, too?
Lieutenant Huo Yan, what do you think?
When I heard the Holy Sol Temple may have been created by the Evangelist,
it came as a shock. However,
the Holy Sol Temple reveres the Sun and its fire, not the Evangelist.
As long as we have the Sun that I've venerated for so long,
my faith will not be shaken.
On the other hand, I have become aware of something frightening.
If the Evangelist is nothing more than a sham,
she has been having others worship her as a god,
while enriching herself this whole time.
That's true.
But the truth of the matter is, the Evangelist lurks in the shadows.
As such, it lends veracity to the idea that the Evangelist's people
are plotting to destroy the world.
You're saying that our faith is dangerous?
People need faith.
We need something to believe in.
Lieutenant Huo Yan, was it because of your faith
that you were able to protect Lieutenant Karim without hesitation?
I suppose so. Just as I have faith in the Holy Sol Temple,
I also believe in Karim.
It's a hard thing to lose something you believe in.
If you have the power to believe, you can save your friends.
The power to believe...
--You're going to, Benimaru.
--No matter what anyone else says, Asakusa is your town, Waka. --You're going to, Benimaru.
--No matter what anyone else says, Asakusa is your town, Waka.
They don't want to hear just anyone's words;
--they want to hear the words of Beni.
--You men know what I mean, right? --they want to hear the words of Beni.
If it means supporting Waka,
I'll offer my two-bit life as many times as I need to.
It's because the 7th has such unfaltering hearts
that they've become as strong as they are.
But if we lose the things we believe in...
I apologize for keeping you waiting.
I wasn't praying wholeheartedly and got yelled at.
Not at all. You're fine.
Someone as faithful as the sister...
Well, should we head back?
O-Oh, um...
There's someplace I'd like to stop by on the way, if we could.
What is this?
The National Holy Sol Cemetery. It's where all the clergy get buried.
Oh, yeah?
Whenever I come for baptisms, I always stop by here.
I visit the graves of the sisters from the convent where I grew up.
Amazing!
Look at all the sunflowers!
Sunflowers face the sun to bloom.
That's why they plant them near graves--
so the dead know the way to the Sun.
This way. Will you pray with me?
Of course!
"Rest in Peace"
That's quite a dazzling display.
That's Hibana nee-san's doing. How are they supposed to rest like this?
Captain Hibana did?
These flowers are tidy. It looks like she just came by recently.
You might not guess it, but she did love everyone from the convent.
She comes to visit regularly.
She does overdo it a bit, though.
"Rest in Peace"
How is everyone? Sister Clematis, you shouldn't eat too much.
Sister Sakura, be sure not to stay up too late.
Next time, I'll come by before Nee-san jazzes everything up, okay?
Say, Sister... Yes?
Maybe it's just my imagination...
...but if there's anything troubling you, perhaps I can help?
Is it the matter with the Evangelist?
Is it that obvious? I guess I'm not very practiced.
You're always pushing Vulcan's buttons and stuff--
going straight after whatever you desire.
You're not difficult to read, is all.
Oh, but I mean, your forthrightness is a good thing. It lightens everyone's mood.
Shinra-san, what do you think about the Holy Sol Temple?
What do you think about those of us who believe in it?
Huh? What do I--
What was that?!
Oh, Father...!
Are you hurt?
The priest just suddenly...!
An Infernal!
Why? He is always praying! Why would he...?
I'll put him to rest!
Please keep back!
Sister! The prayer!
R-Right.
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul...
...return to the great flame of fire!
Látom.
Why? Oh, Father!
He prayed to God every day.
Just what good are our prayers?
Sister... Does God not have any mercy?
Látom.
It is fortunate that there was a Fire Soldier here.
Oh, no...
The father was such a good man. What does God take our prayers for?
About what we were discussing before...
If the Evangelist was the one who created the Holy Sol Temple,
doesn't that mean that the God we worship is the Evangelist?
The Evangelist...?
An inhuman being beyond human understanding.
When I experienced that Adolla Link,
I felt the impression that she was just such an otherworldly being.
That might just be close to who we picture as "God" in our minds.
But this God wants people to destroy the world,
and wishes death and suffering upon us.
If we clergy members believe in her teachings...
...then we are also leading people to their deaths.
That's not true!
I'm the one who killed him.
No! Shinra-san, you gave him rest from the torment of the flames!
Yes. There was no choice but to put him to rest.
I realize that, but my feet are still tingling, even now,
and my heart is fluttering.
Once, Captain Obi said to me
that the most terrifying thing about this job is getting accustomed to it.
I thought I wanted to get a little used to this, but I couldn't.
Still,
that's precisely the reason why we Fire Soldiers need sisters.
I ran into Lieutenant Huo Yan earlier.
He said that the Sun he prays to is unmistakably there,
and that his faith has nothing to do with the Evangelist.
I suppose that's true.
So you please keep looking forward, too, Sister.
It's because you see the Sun--
see its light that the rest of us can keep fighting.
To those of us at the 8th, you are kind of like our own sunflower.
I'm... the 8th's... ...sunflower?
But irises aren't sunflowers.
Right, sorry!
Thank you very much. You've made me... very happy.
But please don't overdo it, okay?
Sure.
I'm fine.
Sister Iris, that was a very good prayer.
Thank you very much.
Okay... Do you want me to carry one?
Oh, no. The heavy lifting is our job, after all.
If I had to, I could even carry you, as well!
Muscles! Muscles!
Huh? That would be too much!
I could totally do it! C'mon, c'mon!
I-I'm on.
Oh, I can do it.
Wah! Are you all right?!
Compared to all the captain's gear, this is nothing!
Shinra-san...
...the next time I have something on my mind, I'll come to you with it first.
Right. I'll be glad to.
I promise.
What's this? His training is complete?
At last, he has completed his training.
The 8th is finished for sure this time.
The Fire Blast departs.
Or rather...
...off he goes.
"Episode 18: The Man, Assault"
In my clash with the 8th in the Nether,
I was to eliminate them all as the Slaughterer.
However, I ran into an unexpected assassin there...
Tamaki Kotatsu. Despite her innocent appearance,
her shamelessness is unparalleled.
She makes my skin crawl. If I'm going to bring down the 8th,
I'll have to take her out first.
That's why I've been training. Day in and day out, sunrise to sunset, I trained.
All to resist that damnably audacious woman!
I read pornographic magazines.
I also took in lewd books, and even viewed salacious videos.
I looked at everything!
I have overcome the female form.
Just you wait, Tamaki Kotatsu.
Away!
"Letter of challenge"
What's this?
"I will expect you at the picturesque vacant lot in 2-chome."
Is this a new style of love letter?!
"Vacant lot"
It's you... Assault, the Bloody Fire Blast!
You have guts, coming here alone, Tamaki Kotatsu.
Why are you here?!
There's no reason to explain to someone whose death is imminent. Die!
The wrinkle in her underwear-- It's so sensuous!
Damn it! I never realized it was this bad!
Off I go...
It's different when it comes to the real thing.
Nya!
What? Assault failed?
It seems that this target is exceptionally powerful.
So where is Assault right now?
Apparently embarking on new training.
I was a fool for thinking I knew what I was dealing with from paper and video.
The real thing... The real thing is so much different.
In which case... off I go!
"Club Chupa Cabaret"
Away!
Welcome, sir.
--Do you have someone specific in mind? --One bottle coming up.
You sure your breasts haven't gotten even bigger?
Ha-ha-ha, oh please!
Scythe-san, what's wrong? Are you crying again?
My daughter simply refuses to speak to me.
Something about this place is giving me goosebumps all over.
I really do love Makami, though. I'm a good father, right?
How do you do?
I'm Saki. It's a pleasure to meet you.
This is dynamite.
Eh? What's the big idea, wearing a tuxedo? Did you sneak out of a wedding?
Mister, I can tell, there's something different about you.
Th-There is?
You're not like ordinary men. I can tell.
I'm really not like other men.
There's no reason why I can't beat Tamaki Kotatsu.
I'm surprisingly good at talking to women, huh?
Perhaps I actually have a gift when it comes to dealing with women.
Which means it's on, Tamaki Kotatsu.
Away!
No!
How come?!
D-Don't look at me.
Wh-What is this?! This innocent bashfulness?!
It's different when it comes to amateurs!
She's good. She's too good.
I've never encountered a foe this formidable before.
Which is all the more reason why I have to get past this.
I am the Assassin of the Abyss.
I am Assault, the Bloody Fire Blast, after all.
"Edogawa-ku Waterproofing Day"
After my third defeat,
I went someplace where strong gusts tended to cause wardrobe malfunctions,
and waited for them to happen.
My finely-honed visual acuity would not let anything go unnoticed.
--Gah! Knock it off, you pervy wind! Sicko! Deviant!
--Amateur panties! Now to burn their bashfulness into my retinas! --Gah! Knock it off, you pervy wind! Sicko! Deviant!
My training is complete. There is no factor that can defeat me now.
You have at last conquered it?
Yes.
He stopped my arrow with a single finger. His skills are absolutely sharp.
Assault, off you go, right?
"Off I go"
Off I go... Assault...
Enough, already!
What the hell is your problem?!
This will be the last time.
Glimpse.
I've grown, as well. I can withstand that much.
Try as hard as you want, it's still no use!
Yes, you're right. It's no use, just like you say.
I know it, as well. I can see how this plays out.
No matter how often I try, there is no chance...
...of me winning this fight.
It's different when it comes to an opponent I like.
Away!
"The Man"
"Imperfect"
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
A communique arrives at the 8th from the Imperial Armed Forces.
Written within it is an invitation to a new war.
No, I don't want this!
I'm going back to the Armed Forces?
"Episode 19: The Oze Family"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 19, "The Oze Family."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org